LAW_WOMEN
Women are usually drafted into the armed forces to fight in place of men.
Women are considered property, and rape has been legalized.
Women are second-class citizens.
Non-discrimination laws do not apply to gender.
Women are nominally equal under law, but this is not enforced.
Women have substantial recourse against discrimination.
Gender equality is universally respected.
Binary gender identities no longer exist, and gender segregation has ended.
LAW_CIVILRIGHTS
Entire ethnic groups are branded "enemies of the state".
Slavery has been reintroduced, along with an apartheid system.
Civil rights laws have been repealed, ostensibly to promote "states' rights".
Racial discrimination is prohibited in name only.
Pervasive racial inequality exists, although overt discrimination is illegal.
Affirmative action is in place to counteract racial discrimination.
Racial equality is guaranteed and vigorously enforced.
The very idea of "race" has been universally discarded as pseudoscience.
LAW_DRUGS
Vodka is the only legal recreational drug in the People's Republic of America.
Talking about recreational drugs is punishable by death.
Violent criminals are released to make room for drug offenders.
Prisons are filled with the targets of a war on drugs.
Recreational drugs are prohibited unless medically prescribed.
Marijuana is regulated and taxed, but harder drugs are illegal.
Recreational drugs all are regulated and taxed like alcohol and tobacco.
The government distributes free recreational drugs to anyone who wants them.
LAW_IMMIGRATION
All Americans must carry around an internal passport, or be shot on sight.
Private border militiamen shoot suspected foreigners on sight.
Immigration is illegal, and noncitizens are shipped to Mexico at gunpoint.
The National Guard has been deployed to the borders to slow immigration.
Great expense is taken to slow immigration, without success.
The government works to accommodate potential immigrants but deports criminals.
Immigration is unregulated, and new immigrants are welcomed warmly.
There are open borders, and no distinctions between citizens and non-citizens.
LAW_ELECTIONS
Only Stalinist Party members may run in elections, and they all run unopposed.
Instead of elections, political offices are auctioned off to the highest bidder.
Virtually no ethics restrictions exist on political officeholders.
Elections are mostly unregulated, but basic ethics restrictions are in place.
Moderate campaign finance reform is implemented.
Election financing is transparent and well-regulated.
Election expenses are publicly funded, and voting is by ranked list.
There is proportional representation, and over a dozen major political parties.
LAW_MILITARY
The military promotes Stalinism throughout the world by using force.
The massive military kills dissenters at home and conquers poor nations abroad.
Out-of-control military spending funds several ongoing wars around the world.
Massive investment is put into the military, which always seems to be at war.
Military spending is growing each year to fund overseas military adventures.
The military is not a major priority, and mostly does peacekeeping missions.
The military has been weakened significantly, as there is little need for it.
The military has been abolished, and the entire world is at peace.
LAW_TORTURE
The Internal Affairs Commissariat constantly invents new methods of torture.
The new Inquisition tortures heretics, blasphemers, and non-Christians to death.
Military and intelligence interrogators regularly engage in torture.
The line between standard interrogation and torture is severely blurred.
Torture allegations still occasionally crop up, despite an official ban.
The government strongly enforces a ban on torture.
The nation is a respected international leader on Moral Interrogation Practices.
Terrorism ended after the government formally apologized to terrorist leaders.
LAW_PRISONS
The former nation of Canada has been annexed and filled with Stalinist gulags.
Prisoners must fight to the death in corporate-sponsored gladiatorial bouts.
Prisoners are often subject to torture and slave labor.
Prisoners suffer from horrible conditions and lack of basic rights.
Prisoners receive basic rights and services, but reports of abuse are common.
The prisons are regulated to protect prisoners' rights and safety.
The prisons are targeted at rehabilitation, rather than punishment.
Instead of prison, criminals voluntarily attend free support groups.
LAW_TAX
Having any money whatsoever is punishable by 20 years in a gulag.
There are no taxes, yet most people have no money.
The tax code is a nightmare designed to maintain class structure.
A flat tax is in effect, and there is no capital gains or inheritance tax.
Taxes are moderate, but the code is full of loopholes.
The wealthy are heavily taxed under a progressive taxation system.
Rich people are virtually unheard of, due to taxation.
Money no longer exists, everything is free, and everyone enjoys lives of luxury.
LAW_ABORTION
Mandatory abortions are carried out for population control.
Abortion, contraception, and consensual sex are all capital offenses.
Abortion is a felony equal to murder, not allowed under any circumstance.
Abortion is prohibited except in s of rape, incest, or health of the mother.
Abortion is limited to the first trimester, and is very expensive.
Abortion is legal, but taxpayer funding of abortion is prohibited.
The right to an abortion is strongly protected, and subsidized for poor women.
Free abortions are easily available at any time during pregnancy.
LAW_ANIMALRESEARCH
All forms of human experimentation on "class enemies" are encouraged.
All forms of human experimentation on the poor are encouraged.
Animals are property that can be experimented upon freely.
Animal testing is self-regulated by the scientific community.
Animal research is regulated with a system of licenses and certificates.
Animal research is strictly regulated by purpose and suffering caused.
Animals are people, too, and have full citizenship rights.
All species of life have equal rights as people, even bacteria.
LAW_POLICEBEHAVIOR
Everyone lives in constant fear of the Stalinist Party's Secret Police.
Privatized police get bonuses on their paychecks for every person they kill.
Law enforcement is given free reign.
Even the worst police misconduct only earns slap-on-the-wrist punishments.
Law enforcement is regulated to prevent extreme misconduct.
Law enforcement has heavy oversight and freedom-of-information requirements.
All law enforcement positions are subject to election and recall.
With no police, criminals follow the honor system and turn themselves in.
LAW_PRIVACY
Citizens have to spy on each other and report to the Stalinist Party.
Very detailed reports on each citizen are easily accessible to corporations.
Any corporation requesting private information is granted unrestricted access.
Privacy laws are full of loopholes and security backdoors are in everything.
Basic safeguards for medical and financial privacy are in place but ineffective.
All areas of privacy are protected with strong, effective safeguards.
Individual privacy is sacred, and state-of-the-art safeguards are mandatory.
All large organizations are prohibited from keeping any data about anyone.
LAW_DEATHPENALTY
Class enemies receive mandatory death sentences.
Poor and minority criminals receive mandatory death sentences.
People can be put to death for minor offenses.
The death penalty is actively enforced in many states.
The death penalty is in effect but under scrutiny.
The death penalty is only permitted in extreme s.
The death penalty is considered barbaric and never practiced.
The death penalty, like all other harsh punishments, has been abolished.
LAW_NUCLEARPOWER
Nuclear power plants routinely have meltdowns but keep getting built.
Nuclear power plants are ubiquitous and cancer rates are astronomical.
Nuclear power is wildly proliferating with no controls or regulation at all.
Nuclear power is a preferred energy source and the industry self-regulates.
Nuclear power is often an energy source and only moderately regulated.
Nuclear power is intensely regulated and rarely used anymore.
Nuclear power is illegal and the leftover nuclear waste is being cleaned up.
A global ban on nuclear power and nuclear weapons is enforced by UN inspectors.
LAW_POLLUTION
State-run industries pollute so much, the workers all have cancer.
Deformed children are the norm in the vast industrial wastelands.
Industry may pollute as much as they like.
Industry voluntarily regulates pollution.
Industry is subject to moderate pollution regulations.
Industry is subject to strict pollution regulations.
Industry is subject to zero-tolerance pollution regulations.
Pollution is unheard of, and nature has reclaimed much of the land.
LAW_LABOR
The state has nationalized all industries and assigns everyone jobs.
People are bred in pens to be farmed out to corporations like beasts.
There is no weekend, children are forced to work, and workers can't afford food.
Working conditions are deplorable and there is no minimum wage.
Workers are underpaid, have lousy benefits, and get fired if they complain.
Workers are fairly compensated, have good benefits, and are difficult to fire.
There are universal workers' rights and a high guaranteed minimum income.
Wage slavery has been abolished, and robots have been built to do all the work.
LAW_GAY
Homosexuals are executed regularly for their "bourgeoisie decadence".
Homosexuals are executed regularly for "promoting the Gay Agenda".
Homosexuals are routinely persecuted with no recourse.
Homosexuals are not tolerated.
Homosexuals are grudgingly tolerated but have few equal rights.
Homosexuals have many rights shared by heterosexuals.
Homosexuals have equal rights that are vigorously protected.
All sexual orientations are accepted, and most people are polyamorous.
LAW_CORPORATE
All forms of private enterprise are punishable by death.
Corporations under the King run the country in a feudal system.
Corporations essentially run the country in a feudal system.
Corporate culture is corrupt and there is a great disparity in wages.
Corporations are moderately regulated, although wages are still unfair.
Corporations are stiffly regulated, and executive compensation is reasonable.
Corporations are subject to intense regulation, and there is a maximum wage law.
Corporations have been abolished, along with the rest of capitalism.
LAW_FREESPEECH
Counterrevolutionary speech is a capital crime.
Even *THINKING* about saying something unacceptable is a capital crime.
Armored squads are tasked with suppressing unacceptable speech.
People who express unpopular opinions are often harassed and mistreated.
Free speech is legal, with minor exceptions, and is usually tolerated.
Free speech is legally protected and publicly encouraged.
Free speech is strongly protected and universally supported.
Free speech is sacrosanct and diverse points of view are celebrated.
LAW_FLAGBURNING
Flags of the old American regime are burnt primarily as fuel.
Images or words describing flag burning are punished by death.
Burning the flag is a serious crime on par with murder.
Burning the flag is a felony and vigorously prosecuted.
Flag-burning is a misdemeanor, but not a serious crime.
Flag-burning is technically legal but stigmatized as unpatriotic.
The right of flag-burning is upheld even by its critics.
Flag-burning is traditionally done on July 4th to celebrate freedom.
LAW_GUNCONTROL
Anyone owning a gun is executed by firing squad.
Gangs of young children carrying AK-47s roam the streets.
Machine guns, tanks, and missiles can be bought and sold freely.
Military weapons are banned, but similar-looking guns are available.
A comprehensive ban on military-style weapons is in effect.
Most guns cannot be sold to anyone outside of law enforcement.
It is illegal to buy or sell a gun, or carry one in public.
All gun manufacturers have been shut down and all existing guns destroyed.