LAW_ABORTION
"The government is systematically trying to rob women of the right 
to control their own destinies."
LAW_ANIMALRESEARCH
"Animals are routinely subjected to inhumane treatment in labs in this
country."
LAW_POLICEBEHAVIOR
"The police regularly torture minority suspects during interrogations."
 
LAW_PRIVACY
"Files are being kept on innocent citizens whose only crime is to 
speak out against a system that is trying to farm them like beasts."
LAW_DEATHPENALTY
"Over thirty innocent people have been executed over the past decade."
 
LAW_NUCLEARPOWER
"Radioactive waste is being stored all over the country, and it poses 
a serious threat to many families, even in this neighborhood."
LAW_POLLUTION
"ERROR LW06
CURRENTLY HANDLED AS EXCEPTION"
LAW_LABOR
"Have you noticed how people are working more and more hours for less and 
less money?  It's all part of a plan to keep you enslaved, man."
LAW_GAY
"Homosexuals are people like anyone else, and yet they are treated in this 
country as if they are deviants fit only for cheap entertainment."
LAW_CORPORATE
"Corporate executives use giant corporations as a means to become parasites 
that suck wealth out of this country and put it into their pockets."
LAW_FREESPEECH
"Protests and demonstrations are regularly and often brutally suppressed in 
this country.  People have to watch what they write -- even what they read."
LAW_FLAGBURNING
"Burning a piece of cloth is actually stigmatized in this country. 
You can love freedom and still hate what our government stands for."
LAW_TAX
"The tax code has been designed to perpetuate an unjust class 
structure that is keeping you oppressed."
LAW_GUNCONTROL
"We live in such a backwards country right now that people think it's 
a right to walk around with the power to murder at any moment."
LAW_WOMEN
"Sexism is still pervasive, in subtle ways, and women make much less 
than they deserve for their labor."
LAW_CIVILRIGHTS
"Despite our progress, this society is still strangled by its continuing 
legacy of racial discrimination and inequality."
LAW_DRUGS
"The government's drug policy is a mess.  We need to stop filling 
prisons with drug users, and only intervene when people really need help."
LAW_IMMIGRATION
"Millions of people are doing jobs most folks don't even want, and 
saving their families from poverty, but we just try to kick them out."
LAW_ELECTIONS
"Political favors are bought and sold for campaign contributions, 
and the voting system enforces two party dominance."
LAW_MILITARY
"Take a breath and think about the world we live in, that we're spending 
hundreds of billions on new ways to kill people.  This has to stop!"
LAW_TORTURE
"In the name of the war on terror, we've sacrificed our soul by letting 
the government torture and abuse human beings on our behalf."
LAW_PRISONS
"The prison system doesn't help criminals by providing rehabilitation, so 
when they get released, they mostly become criminals again."